Add more details (#3500)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/mm-scheduling.md

---
# Task scheduling in Migration Manager

You can run your task now or schedule a time to have your migration task queued. The actual time will depend on agent availability.  

![Intial task scheduling setting](media/mm-task-scheduling-inital.png)

> Select the desired Date and Time, the time is expressed in UTC -7 hrs. Pacific Time (US and Canada).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the desired date and time. The time is expressed as UTC -7:00 (Pacific Time, US and Canada).
```
